♪The whole world is lit up♪
♪Because you exist♪
♪You're always♪
♪Somewhere close, flying with me♪
♪Go to where the wind blows♪
♪Hold tight♪
♪To the ray of light that belongs to us♪
=Wild & Fiery=
=Episode 11=
Staying at home for a long period
would actually be good for him.
Well.
Come with me.
Let's settle the discharge fee.
I don't think he should be discharged.
Doctor,
I'm Mu Chen Zhou's wife
and also his guardian.
As his guardian, I'm telling you
that I do not allow him
to be discharged.
Besides, he's still unconscious.
If anything happens
after he leaves the hospital,
can you take responsibility?
Can your family discuss it
among yourselves first
before making a decision?
You're acting like
you own this hospital.
Stepmom,
you kept saying
my dad was doing well before.
Is this what you call doing well?
His condition did improve
a little before,
but for some reason,
he suddenly fell unconscious recently.
I had no choice but to transfer him
to this hospital.
Besides,
I didn't tell you because
I didn't want you to worry.
Fine.
You've worked hard
taking care of my dad all this time.
Now that I'm back,
I should fulfill my duty
as his daughter.
I'm touched.
If your dad knew
you were always by his side,
he would be comforted.
(Xu Mingzhu, just you wait.)
(I won't let you get away with this.)
Who would've thought
Mu Zhiyu
would find this place so quickly?
Something's wrong here.
The most urgent thing now
is making sure that the old man
never wakes up.
If he wakes up,
everything we've done will be exposed.
Aren't you afraid your husband
might catch us at your house?
Relax.
He's in the office.
You two!
What are you doing?
Dear!
Why are you back?
Mr. Mu...
This is all a misunderstanding.
You shameless pair!
You've disgraced
the Mu family.
Mr. Mu...
Do whatever you have to do.
Make sure he can't say a thing
like before.
I'll figure something out.
You haven't rested properly lately.
Get some sleep.
I'll watch over things here.
It's fine.
I'm not tired.
It's been a long time
since I've quietly shared the same space
with my dad like this.
Back then,
when I insisted on going abroad,
he silently supported me
and encouraged me.
Unfortunately,
I was too proud to lose.
I never showed him any care.
What's past is past.
At least now
you can still stay by his side.
(This old geezer is pretty tough.)
(Tonight, I'll give you the rest
of the sedative)
(and shut you up for good.)
(No chance of you waking up
and ruining our plans.)
Did you receive everything?
Take it
and run a DNA test for me.
Boss,
who are you testing against?
Everything's been so mysterious
since you came back.
Don't ask about things
that aren't your business.
Yes, Boss. I'll take care of it right away.
Weren't you staying at the hospital
taking care of the chairman?
How do you suddenly have time
to come to the office?
I came here
to explain the situation to the board.
Ms. Xu,
you hid my dad.
What exactly are you planning?
You must be joking.
Then who's the person in the hospital?
I went through so much to find him
only to discover he's been unconscious
the whole time.
Strange enough,
in the video
you released a few days ago,
he looked perfectly conscious.
But the moment I found him,
he became like this.
Ms. Xu,
did you fail to take good care of him,
or was that video fake to begin with?
Ms. Xu,
according to Zhiyu's claim,
were you really conveying
Chairman Mu's instructions,
or just acting on your personal motives?
I admit the video was fake.
But I did it for the company.
The chairman's condition
has always been unstable.
He was doing fine earlier,
but suddenly fell unconscious.
Besides,
the company's stock price
has been dropping.
If the public
found out the truth,
aren't you afraid the company
would collapse?
I'm truly moved
by what you said.
If the public found out,
it would cause trouble.
But the report shows my dad fell unconscious
because he was injected with unknown drugs
over a long period of time.
What, Ms. Xu?
Was that also
for the sake of the company?
What does that have to do with me?
How could I possibly
(Suddenly went into a coma)
keep Chenzhou from waking up?
Ms. Xu,
how do you explain this?
Once my dad wakes up,
everything will become clear.
I don't mind waiting a few more days.
Mu Zhiyu really doesn't know her place.
Just because she found Mu Chenzhou,
she thinks she can boss me around?
Ms. Xu, Mu Chenzhou hasn't woken up yet.
We still have a chance.
Once he wakes up,
we're finished.
At this point,
the only option is to make sure
he stays silent forever.
(Silence him for good.)
You should smile more often.
I'll take that as a compliment.
Looks like you're in a good mood today.
I shut my stepmom down
and found my dad.
Of course I'm happy.
Now we just have to wait
for your dad to wake up,
and everything will be clear.
There are many documents here.
Let's pack them up and take them back.
What?
Something happened to my dad?
♪Light comes beaming in♪
♪Landing on my skin♪
♪Warms the space you left behind♪
♪Shadows move around♪
♪Awake, racing thoughts♪
♪Try to keep the memories safe♪
♪Don't slip away♪
♪I'm all yours, all yours♪